in Gaza the Israeli military is
attacking residential areas across the
strip and civilian casualties are
mounting by the day more than 34 a half
thousand Palestinians have been killed
in nearly 7 months of war and one of the
latest attacks an air strike on Rafa in
the South killed at least two children
Israel has intensified aerial attacks on
the city as fear's Mount of a major
ground offensive around 1.5 million
forcibly displaced Palestinians are
Sheltering
there a group of Israeli satellit has
blocked trucks transporting humanitarian
Aid to Gaza the vehicles were forced to
stop at several border crossings
settlers also destroyed some of the
supplies Aid trucks entering the strip
have been attacked repeatedly T abom is
joining us now live from Rafa in
southern Gaza ttic tell us more about
the aid trucks that are being blocked
from getting into
[Music]
Gaza Yes again in fact Rob Israeli sers
have been blocking and even preventing
humanitarian Aid trucks to get to K Abu
Salam Crossing as they are trying to be
on the edge of the Gaza Strip now that
happens multiply by the Israeli settlers
who are completely looting the loads of
these uh humanitarian trucks and they
have been throwing it to the floor
calling the Israeli government for not
allowing for Aid deliveries to the
besieged inclave uh unless their Israeli
captives are released and that's
absolutely a part of what the Israeli
settlers have been doing uh for multiple
weeks as the Israeli police have stood
by without preventing even those
settlers from attacking such a
humanitarian convoys but the fact on the
ground that that these humanitarian AIDS
have been released even have been
allowed to depart ASD Port after being
inspected by the Israeli military hiding
to K Abu Salam Crossing later to have an
access to the Gaza Strip but those
settlers have been exerting more
pressure on netanyahu's government in
order to stop such eight lies in light
of the ongoing uh famine that is looming
inside the Gaza Strip as the number of
these humanitarian convoys that even are
getting from the Israeli site to the
Gaza Strip is still very restricted and
limited in terms of the am needs of
gaza's population and specifically in
light of the predictable military
incursion for Rafa which will definitely
exacerbate the already aggravating
humanitarian crisis T abum ra Southern
Gaza T thank you very much
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from aler